[docs] Dev tools plugins docs (#26031)
expo/expo: docs/pages/debugging/tools.mdx

React DevTools can also be paired with the [element inspector](#showhide-element-inspector), allowing you to inspect props, state, and instance properties by tapping components inside your app.

> Pressing the <kbd>shift</kbd> + <kbd>m</kbd> shortcut will also show any [dev tools plugins](/devtools-plugins) installed to can provide additional ways to inspect your app.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Pressing the <kbd>shift</kbd> + <kbd>m</kbd> shortcut will also show installed [dev tools plugins](/debugging/devtools-plugins) to provide additional ways to inspect your app.
```

- The link is broken
- Sentence was incorrect
